Lin Jingyuan, you are too cruel
Are you going to do that?
And kick us out of the Gu family
Where are we sorry for you?
Don't you want to hurt us like this?
Tell me.
Ah you
No no
Are you all right?
Mother?
I'm fine Lin Jingyuan
Since Beichen married you
How can we feel sorry for you?
Madam Gu
What's the point of saying that now?
I don't need to say more about what the Gu family did
Otherwise, our neighbor's house will be raided today.
This guy?
There must be some misunderstanding between us.
Gu Beichen
When you didn't come home with love words
Did you ever think that I would misunderstand?
When you indulged in love and didn't count on me
Did you ever think I would misunderstand?
I shut up
Li Jiangyue, you are going too far
You are too much
Do you want to see more?
I'll show you today
Come
Kick out all these irrelevant people for me
Enter enter enter
Ban ban hey
Forbidden Lin Manager, you care too much
You actually drove us out
Ok you wait for me
I can't spare you.
Forbidden can't spare you, you're too much Forbidden
I'm waiting.
It's not over yet